2025-10-01

Task:
Today we got our first assignment from our teacher Bill, were going to build our own Ti-Tac Toe.
Game base on to make a 3 in row with X or O.

Thought´s and ideas:
Want to create a good story that makes this game more excitment and not to use 2D or 3D grahics.

Game ideas that i want to create a theme, knight's game or sea diving in the ocean.

How Many players?
from 1-4 players but will start with 2 players, there fore will extend that every player will meet CPU as a
option.

Gameboard:
A simple 3x3 square as a beginning, don't know if I want to make it bigger as a final boss.

Textbase?
Yes, though's that dialogs will be shown in the game as "Trash talk" and of course winning and loosing lines.


What happens if one wins the game?

This game consist of getting hold of keys, for every each win you'll get a key that opens a chest.
Inside of a chest it will contains a letter and will forming the word "WIN".
If game is between 1-vs-1 it will be best of 5.


Story about Knight:
I'ts a big battle going on and King Arthurs nemesis "Mordred" is attacking the villages and castle.
But Mordred is not alone, he has a dragon by it's side as a fearson weapon.

Enviroment of Knight:
Enviroment 1 - The Armory - Wich playser will carry King Arthurs sword "Excalibur".
Enviroment 2 - Stable - Wich player will ride King Arthurs horse "Llamrei".
Enivorment 3 - Battlefield - Who will survive the battle against Mordred and his men before
               Meeting the dragon.
Enviroment 4 - The Final Battle - Fighting against the dragon.

If Win : The Battle is over and player will be a hero and enter the history books.
If Lose: Dragon hits the player with it's tail and then breathing fire against player.


Story About Sea diving:
You have heard that there's a big treasure at the bottom of the sea, you have start en expedition
and starting to dive into the bottom of the sea.

Enviroment of Sea diving:

Enviroment 1 - The Coroals - Diver is looking for clues and sees a oyster that has something shiny
               inside.
Enviroment 2 - Swimming along the coral reef and see's a shipwreck, but at the same time there's a shark
               that is attacking player.
Enviroment 3 - Player succeds and it's inside of the shipwreck, searching around and found the treasure.
               But sees that  a big octupus is guarding and you have to fight.

If Win : The octopus dissapears and player can take the treasure back to the boat.
If Loose : The octopus capture player and squeeshing til player dies.

Terminal : If it's okay to create with help of 1´s or 0´s to shape to a sword, horse and dragon.
           And also Oyster, ship and a octopus.